Codepen URL https://codepen.io/AngelaKennefick/pen/bGBQRab
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HTML that does as it's labeled
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is the bones of WEB DEV
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is any element and is denoted with <a> ... </a> 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is used for the page title - used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and href(URL)
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The title and header
    7. What is an id? 
    An id is a specific identifier tag used once per element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once per page
    10. What is a class? 
    A class is like an id that can point to multiple elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as needed
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    <a href="https://www.link.com/" target="_blank">Link</a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    alternative info for image
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #IDname
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section denotes contents are related while div does not
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Styling WEB DEV
    18. How (d)o we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    in CSS h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An id must be unique to reference one specific element VS a class may reference multiple elements. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .className
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Selects all children under a parent-useful when styling without repeating code
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use t(o) change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 10px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*Comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    li
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm fileName.txt - No retrivable "trash"
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    For "save points" to easily work on bug fixes etc.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    After every major change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u repoName
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork,Clone,Branch,Complete Assignment/Commit,Push,Create a Pull Request
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    in HTML block elements cause a line break while inline elements do not
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    it sits on its own layer outside of the document flow
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are di(s)play block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 


